- Showtime.
- I just shot honey boy 2 with shia.
Smells like an Abercrombie
got fucked by a 7-Eleven.
- Is that milk?
- Heavens to Betsy!
- You can join the fun.
- And I've had a threesome with Gary busey.
You left us for dead.
and now it's like nothing happened?
I'll fucking kill you.
Go on.
- Do it.
- Fuck butcher.
Fuck Hughie.
You're just gonna drag
us all down with you.
Mom!
- Annie.
- Hi.
How old was I
when you let vought
pump me full of drugs?
They promised that you'd have
a chance at an extraordinary life.
You told me that daddy left because
he lost all of our savings.
Was it really bad investments?
Your whole Marlboro man
act. it's fucking crap. and I...
fort Harmony was an army hospital
where Frederick vought
was testing the v1.
If there's any more left out there.
that would be the fucking place to look.
V1's ten times more
potent than today's formula.
Only worked on a handful of
early supes: You and storm front.
- Who is storm front?
- Dr. Vought's wife Clara.
I think you knew her as Liberty?
We're still gonna go
after homelander. right?
Not without the virus.
You said I was strong enough.
You said I was the only
one who could stop him.
I just said that so you'd
get him out of the tower.
My sweet. sweet boy.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Homelander?
Fire... Cracker.
- What's that smell?
- It.
might be my new perfume line.
It's general Lee's secret.
No.
That's my father.
It's soldier boy.
- I can smell him all over you.
- Right.
Of course. 'Cause we was
just. prepping for our interview.
Prepping?
I need you for something.
You do?
I have received the
most wonderful message.
I was visited... By an angel.
And she foretold my destiny.
Wow. Well. praise be.
And what is it?
God.
Sir. that is wonderful.
There is no higher calling
than serving the lord.
No.
Not serving the lord.
Being the lord.
I am the Messiah.
I'm the savior of the world.
The... Messiah?
Yes.
Congrats.
Thank you.
I always knew I was special.
I knew it.
I suffered.
I suffered so many hardships. and I...
I couldn't understand why.
But you... you... You always saw it.
Didn't you?
You knew all along I was special.
That is why I have chosen you
to spread the word of my coming.
How?
Well. we control the most
powerful media apparatus on earth.
Jesus would kill for our marketing.
What do you say?
Well. you know I would
do anything for you. sir.
Thank you.
Here he is.
Back from the dead.
Easy does it.
Easy.
Here.
It's a bit like that empire
strikes back film. innit?
- Never saw it.
- What?
- Bollocks. I showed it to you.
- No.
You showed me star wars.
And mom never let me watch any of 'em.
They're with that guy
from regarding Henry. right?
Yeah.
Anyway. there's this bit. see.
Young Luke hops in his spaceship.
fucks off to a Barney with
his old man Darth Vader.
- Cops...
- wait. Darth Vader's Luke Skywalker's dad?
Yeah.
It's a bit of a spoiler. But. anyway. listen.
the point is you should've
waited till we got the virus sorted.
This is a war.
And you're the best weapon we got.
But you ain't no use to anyone
if you go put yourself into a body
bag fore we put homelander in one.
At least I was brave enough to try.
Well. there's a fine line between
bravery and stupidity. son.
You don't give a shit about me.
Maybe you never did.
Here. I'll fetch you some more water.
Fucking teenagers.
Welcome back. motherfucker.
Thank you.
- I needed that.
- Of course.
What was that about?
Nothing.
Check you out.
- Thank you. thank you.
- All right.
If you twats are all
done with fashion week.
let's get to work. yeah?
Frenchie. how long till
we got a dose big enough?
No. there was so little virus left.
It needs time to multiply.
You know what they say?
Cook low and slow.
How fucking long?
Weeks. at least.
Okay. then we should
go to fort Harmony now.
That place got shut down 80 years ago.
If there's any v1 left in there.
it ain't gonna be easy to find.
And there is also the small matter
of the likely v'ed-up beast
that spilled those boy scouts'
innards like a cadbury à la crème?
Do I need to remind you guys
that homelander has Stan Edgar?
Odds are they're ten steps ahead.
If we get the v1 first. we
save Annie. we save kimiko.
we save you.
If you give a shit.
If homelander gets it. he's immortal.
virus is useless. and
we're fucked sideways.
So. who wants to go to... Clearfield?
Who's gonna take care of Ryan?
He's gone. He legged it.
Wonder whose fault that is.
Well. I wouldn't be throwing
stones if I were you. mate.
Unless you can tell us where starlight is.
Right.
Let's get cracking.
Annie.
Dad.
Hey. listen. I need to talk to you.
I'm all ears.
Okay. can you please stop doing that?
How did you find me?
I've been looking for months.
You are really good at hiding.
It has been 20 years. and that's the
first thing that you have to say to me?
What should I say?
Dad?
Annie. this is your brother... Mason.
It's simple. Mr. President.
You defund the public schools
and give vouchers for the
homelander freedom academies.
You don't want kids
reading about gay penguins
and becoming woke jihadis. do you?
Thank you. sir.
Let me be clear.
Nobody summons me.
The last time I let a black
woman boss me around.
it was Nell Carter.
With a cock ring and a tub of crisco.
B.a. Flagged a deal point for your movie.
We cannot furnish your trailer
with. quote. "a big bowl of cocaine."
- It's in my rider.
- From 1984.
I think I can have
whatever the fuck I want.
You're welcome to take
it up with homelander.
When he gets back from fort Harmony.
Fort Harmony?
Homelander and Stan Edgar
had a good heart-to-heart.
and we think there's a strong
chance of finding v1 at fort Harmony.
Isn't that where Dr. Vought
first injected you?
It's great news.
If he finds it. homelander will be
immune to the virus and immortal. like you.
You'll get to spend eternity together.
Father and son.
Forever.
- When did he leave?
- Hasn't left yet.
Maybe you could go with
him. show him where to look.
After all. who knows
that place better than you?
It's weird.
- No birds or animals. It's like...
- fucking hell.
Had to park on the other
side of the state. didn't you?
Well. if the hike's too hard. why don't
you try tying your boots. motherfucker.
Fuck that.
- Not really my type. son.
- Hey. how about showing a little respect?
You know. Hughie's right. butcher.
You should take her out to dinner first.
Let's see here.
Based on the decomp. these
bodies have been here a while.
Something ripped them apart.
Whatever killed those boy
scouts might still stalk these woods.
Let's get a move on. then.
Didn't come out here to
get bummed by bigfoot.
Goddamn. This is delicious.
Why'd I wait so long to try this?
What was I worried about?
Probably the highest honor a fish
can have. giving their lives to me.
I bet they go to little fish
heaven. with 47 virgin tuna.
Yo. What the fuck. bro?
I trusted you.
So now you can talk?
You think going full method is easy?
Do you know how hard
it's been to not talk?
My most powerful instrument.
and I can't even use it.
But I fucking committed.
I have given everything to this role.
and you straight up fucked me over.
Wait. are you still butt hurt
about me bringing in Stan Edgar?
I thought we were friends.
I had your back every time people
laughed at how stupid you are.
how your powers are a joke. how you're so
dumb you need a court-appointed guardian.
Nobody says that.
Yes. they do.
All the time.
Well. let's not make a federal
case out of this. bro v. Wade.
I needed a win from
homelander. Edgar was it.
It's a doggy dog world.
Is that what you think the phrase is?
Whatever. Just... put
your fucking mask back on.
So that's how it is?
You better watch your fucking back.
Yeah? What are you gonna do about it?
Homelander's stoked about Edgar.
He loves me right now.
How long is that gonna last?
You really think you're more
important to him than his own father?
Open your asshole wider.
Man. The view from
back here was crazy.
You love it.
Hon.
Your super scream.
We really got to get
you a stronger ball gag.
The way you punish my sin pit.
ain't no ball gag in the
world strong enough.
I got to say. when sage said I
should marry you for the optics.
I hung up on her.
But I do love busting gushers...
all over your pathetic worm face.
Aw. baby.
Ooh.
Shoot.
I got to run. I forgot I have a-a
meeting with the worship team.
He's lying. The church is bankrupt.
Wait. what?
- The church is bankrupt?
- What?
Who... did back Ashley tell you that?
After all that hot eye
contact I was giving her?
- That two-faced bitch.
- How do you lose money on a megachurch?
You bring in hundreds of
millions and don't pay taxes.
Attendance is down.
Donations are drying up.
And I'm sure the two
gulfstreams don't help.
How deep in the hole are you?
Just... 150 million.
Jesus Christ. Are you kidding me?
You were supposed to get me a
12-point bump with Evangelicals.
- not hauled before congress.
- Hey.
What happened to how much you
love busting gushers on my face?
That was before you turned
me into Tammy fucking Faye.
This is ethics committees. subpoenas.
Chris Hayes is gonna have a field day.
Well. what are we gonna do?
We? You tell me.
You're the fucking emissary of god.
Ma'am. you have a visitor.
I need y'all's help with something.
Dang.
Smells like a wet shit
in a waffle house in here.
Any sign of super cunt?
Could already be inside.
Well. let's find out.
What's wrong?
Annie.
She'll come back.
No. I almost died.
But she made it all
about her and she took off.
I mean. last year. I got
bad-touched by a shape-shifter.
and she still found a
way to make it about her.
She can be such a fucking bitch.
Jesus. sorry. I-I didn't mean
for that to come out so harsh.
Fucking hell.
Fuck happened here?
Our v'd-up beast enjoyed
an amuse-bouche. perhaps?
Well. explains why we
didn't hear no animals.
I said that ten minutes ago.
Hi. Kathy.
I have always wanted...
It's nice to finally meet you.
So. you knew about this?
You know what's funny?
I must have asked you. like. a
hundred times to go to voughtland.
but you always said the roller
coasters would make you nauseous.
He said that?
Couldn't get him off that thing.
How's your mom?
She's okay. She's in
hiding. but she's okay.
You're a cop?
Deputy. Thought you were
working for. the telephone company.
When's the last time
you saw a pay phone?
So. does that mean you're
rounding up starlighters?
You mean terrorists?
- Mason.
- Sorry. am I being rude?
We're all good with serving
tea to the supe serial killer
- in our living room?
- That's enough.
You know what?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I've put you guys
in danger just by being here.
You were right keeping me a secret.
I'll just go.
Annie. wait.
I'm making a stroganoff.
Well. it's hamburger helper. but...
Have dinner with us?
Wash your clothes. take a shower.
No offense. but you could use one.
This is insane.
Really? We're getting
fucking men do for lunch again?
Baja green goddess
with impossible chorizo.
Yeah. can someone
make a run to home depot
and get me some
organic peat moss soil?
- Three pounds? Thank you.
- All right. y'all.
Let's keep it going.
Blue sky day. No bad ideas.
Just got to sell homelander
as our lord and savior is all.
All right. I first thought theater. but
what if he performed a miracle on live TV?
He could part the red sea and send
some refugees back where they came from.
You couldn't do it live. though.
We'd have to VFX the entire thing.
Right. this is a "yes and" room.
Yes. and you're an idiot.
Okay. The bad version
is he turns water into wine.
Playing a quick game of
opposites here. what if...
It was something not fucking terrible?
Like. what if homelander
flew into all the major
holy sites in the world?
Let the people meet
their new god in person?
Selfies with god.
Pitching off of that. we could put
him on a throne on the temple mount.
That is your poster right there. Amen.
This is amazing.
And for the record.
homelander is 100% god.
but won't some people say he's not?
A homelander church would
bring in homelander box office.
We prayed to god for
help. He's answering.
Looks like fire crotch has a point.
- Excuse me?
- The other fire crotch.
- Madam vice president.
- Because according to the snap poll here.
only 22% of Americans
would even accept
homelander as their one true god.
making a real uphill battle to get him
into the 70s. which is
where he'd need to be.
You know. I'd say it's all
about numbers with you suits.
but vought plus never releases any.
Look. what we need to do is tell a story.
Who here has read Joseph Campbell?
- Jesus Christ.
- What?
Light of justice finale got
a d-minus on a.V. Club.
Okay. I had to service 14 main characters
and cross over a bunch of assholes
from the avenging squad prequel.
You try and make a
good finale out of that.
The problem is. we are trying to sell
a product that no one is asking for.
Like new coke. Right?
Everybody already loves Jesus.
They want to eat right out of his asshole.
Figuratively speaking. of course.
Jesus was a great man.
- Yeah.
- The things he preached.
turning the other cheek
and... Taking in foreigners...
caring for the poor...
that shit don't sell no more.
No. what we need is a
church that preaches American.
America is god's government.
and we are his chosen people.
Manifest destiny. from
sea to shining sea and shit.
With a real American hero as our savior.
The Democratic church...
of america.
You heard the numbers.
The public won't accept it if we
come out and call homelander "god."
I know what to call him.
Orson welles wore a
cape to cover his fat ass.
Well. we could still fly the rest of the way.
I told you. you're not fucking carrying me.
All right.
My god.
What a couple of uggos.
What changed your mind?
Yesterday. you told me
you wouldn't help me.
Firecracker said you looked up to me.
Guess you're not a complete idiot.
I never said that.
You want my help or not?
The other day. when Clara
vought's name came up.
I got the impression you knew her.
I fucked her once or twice. That's all.
- What?
- You did?
Then. I guess we're related
in more ways than one.
Where is she?
Dead. Suicide.
Horseshit.
She'd never off herself.
Yeah. well. she did.
Did you see a body?
Hey.
I found something.
Blueprints.
Yeah. there's a labyrinth of
hallways and rooms underground.
There's the lab.
If the v1 is here. that's
where it should be.
Blueprints? Fucking magic.
If the v1's here. it ought to be in the lab.
I just said that. Are you ever
gonna fucking listen to me?
Yeah. as soon as you say
something worth listening to. luv.
Why do you have to
be such an asshole?
Finally twigged now. have you?
No. you remind me every
day. Real father of the year.
getting Ryan to fight your battles for you.
Says the twat who turned his dad into
a fucking zombie and then killed him.
Okay. you know what? It's not just Ryan.
- Look what you did to m.M.
- The fuck did he do to me?
He dragged you down in the
shit with him. and the worst part.
you let him do it. you fucking pussy.
Everyone. s'il vous plaît.
- "Pussy"?
- Something is wrong here.
This fucking nonce
just called you a pussy.
You gonna let him get away with that?
Want me to put you in the fucking dirt?
Yeah. fucking do it.
m. Do it. Fucking do it.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Hey. That's enough.
- None of you ever listen to me.
I listen to you.
You get jealous whenever
I talk to anyone else.
I don't need you to
translate for me anymore.
I'm not your fucking pet.
Nah. but he liked you better
when you were a dumb animal.
Hey. stop!
Can you not see there is
something strange about this place?
We need to focus.
V1.
Allons-y.
Mason!
Sorry about him. He's...
It's okay. I used to be his age.
I saw the sign out front.
"In this house. we
believe in homelander"?
New boss at the department
made everybody put 'em up.
We answer to a supe
named live wire now.
I don't round up starlighters. by the way.
When that order
comes in. I catch the flu.
And the other deputies?
They think that starlighters
are coming for their kids.
But that's a lie that vought sells.
- I know that.
- Then why don't you say anything?
The last guy that spoke up disappeared.
middle of the night.
with his wife and kids.
I'm not proud of it. Annie.
but I have a family to protect.
I came here to get. you
know. some answers
and some closure
before time runs out. but...
Not what you expected?
You could say that.
After you left. I told myself that.
you know. you just...
You didn't want kids.
but maybe you just didn't want me.
Have a seat.
This movie was shit.
I did consider asking
you for my money back.
I didn't always approve
of the choices you made.
but I was always proud of you.
Maybe even more proud when you quit.
Why did you leave?
The first time I saw your
mother was on a church mission.
El Salvador.
We were young.
Wanted to save the world.
We were so happy
when you came along.
And your mom was dead
certain that giving you v was...
Gonna give you a better life.
Better than a pay phone
repairman could give you.
She asked me. "do you know
how we can really change the world?
Raise a superhero."
So. you-you got on board?
Until she started telling
you you were chosen by god.
And th-the thing is. you believed it.
And then she believed it. and I just...
I couldn't keep lying to you. so I left.
- You never even reached out.
- To do what?
Shatter your dreams? Keep lying to you?
I'd have taken either.
I needed you.
If I could go back and
change things. I would.
I should have been there for you.
Should have stood up for you.
I'm sorry I left. Annie.
It runs in the family. I guess.
- What do you mean?
- I flipped out the other day.
and I ditched someone I really love.
It's like he's... It's like he's my heart
walking on the outside.
and if they got to him.
- I couldn't...
- Annie.
The people we love aren't a weakness.
They're the reason that we fight.
Hey. is it all right if I talk to him?
Of course. J-Just... Knock first.
I learned that lesson the hard way.
Yeah. The lab is this way.
Whoa.
Fucking hell.
They've been here a
minute. haven't they?
Decades.
Hunters.
Look at their knives.
These men. they killed each other.
What if there is a
monster here but it's us?
What the fuck are
you on about. frenchie?
Toxoplasmosis.
It's a parasite in cat
shit. It can infect humans.
Makes them react with explosive anger.
You think we ate cat shit?
Ate? No.
If the v1 spilled into the groundwater.
it could mutate th-the plants.
Their spores fills us with rage.
we murder each other. and voilà...
we're plant food for these vines.
Okay. so like the last of us?
No. that is just the walking
dead with mushrooms.
The dead campers. the
animals. these hunters.
Surely. you all see how
strangely you've been acting.
Us? I've seen you blow
cocaine up your dick hole.
Wait. You have a point.
The copious amount of
drugs I've taken for decades
has surely altered my brain chemistry.
That's why I'm not affected.
Guess being a junkie was
good for something after all.
Romeo and fucking Juliet.
You two survive this war. I
give you six months. tops.
Well fucking well.
Let's fucking go.
Wh-wh... wh-where are you going?
To top those cunts.
You'll get us killed. you fucking idiots.
Neither of you are thinking straight.
Get that fucking gun
out of my face. frenchie.
That ain't gonna do shit to me. Sonny.
No. but I will.
Homelander and soldier
boy kill you. then kill us.
Then. if there's any v1
here. it's homelander's.
Does that make your family safe?
Is that the revenge you seek?
Does that make things right for Becca?
Fine.
We must hurry before
we tear each other apart.
Or the supes do.
So. what's the plan? God!
The fuck. frenchie?
It's deer urine. Hunters
use it to attract prey.
but we will use it to hide
our scent from homelander.
You spray that shit on me.
and I'll rip your fucking head off.
I ain't counting on no goddamn
deer piss to save our asses.
It's just science. bro.
When you jizz. masculine
vitality leaves your body.
Got to hold that shit in. right. noir?
Right. noir?
Fu-fu-fu-fuck you.
Looks like you hit the
wrong button there. broseph.
B-B-Bitch says what?
What?
I just want to talk.
- Wow.
- Your picture was never up there.
Yeah. good.
Good. I mean. yeah. no. that's good.
I don't put traitors on my wall.
Okay. you know...
What they say about
me. none of it's true.
Do you mean the part that
you blew your way into the seven
or that you're a terrorist
who traffics children?
So that's. like. a hard no on
getting into the back of my Van?
Hey. look. Mason.
you go to school at homelander academy
and you come home and you
watch thousands of tiktoks every day.
How is the truth supposed
to compete with that?
Whatever.
You're. like. the FBI's most wanted.
Okay. Well. like it or not. the
FBI's most wanted is your sister.
so you can keep being an asshole about
it or. you know. we can also talk about it.
Is there a third option?
Let me guess.
Chocolate cream-filled
every Thursday morning. right?
Dad used to take me before school.
It's one of the things I
miss the most. actually.
I think he was just
taking me as his beard.
Yeah. I feel like he's giving me diabetes.
Okay. it's not here.
Fuck this and fuck you and fuck me.
This is a goddam waste of time.
Butcher.
Take a look.
Maybe some motherfucker beat us to it.
Not too long ago. neither.
They punched 80 years
of rust right off the safe.
Now. how many supes do we
know that can punch this hard?
A dozen. Maybe more.
What is it?
- Heroin.
Of course you would fucking know that.
So... A punch like a
bleeding sledgehammer
and a taste for fucking smack.
Bombsight.
No one has seen
bomb sight for decades.
He's likely dead.
What if he's not. asshole?
He'd be about the only other cunt
that would know this shit was here.
You mean bomb sight
from soldier boy's first team?
Wouldn't he have already been shot
up with v1? What's he need more for?
Hey. ed.
- Everything all right?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry to bother you on your day off.
This is gonna sound
crazy. Is starlight in there?
I'm s... I'm sorry. what?
I got a call from Mason.
But it's a joke. right?
Tell me it's a joke.
She's my daughter.
Your daughter?
Jesus Christ. Can't he ever fucking lie?
I've known you 20
years. and y-you never...
- I should have told you.
- She's a serial killer.
She's not. I promise you.
I'm begging you. get back
in your cruiser and let this go.
Are you crazy? I am not
dying in a prison camp over this.
I got to take her in.
You need to step aside right now.
Please. ed. just take a breath.
- Hands up right now.
- I don't think so.
Walk away.
- Ed. put it down.
- I said now.
- Walk away.
- No.
- You're under arrest.
- Ed. relax.
- Everybody. please. just...
- I'm warning you.
I said walk away.
Would the both of you fucking stop!
I-I'm sorry. I just...
Ed. we sit next to each
other in church every Sunday.
After Pam died. you ate dinner
here for how many months?
Yeah. and you lied to
my face the whole time.
I know you're scared. I'm scared. too.
But what vought's been making us do.
pulling people out of
their homes. our neighbors.
and sending them to...
God knows where.
You know it's wrong.
Annie's my daughter. and I love her.
I should've stood up
for her a long time ago.
She's not what they say she is.
She's a good person. ed.
And if good people stop
trying to do the right thing.
then what the hell chance do we have?
She better be gone in an hour.
or I swear to god. I'm
coming back with live wire.
I'm hauling you both in.
Thanks. Thank you.
Smells like deer piss.
The last time I was here. I
was fresh off the front lines.
still picking Nazi brains out of my hair.
And only the best of the best
got selected for Dr. Vought's trials.
Not soft little hog chompers.
Of course. No. I forgot
how tough you were.
Hey. I'm not the weirdo who doesn't fuck.
I mean. your cock's as
useless as your cape.
What's the point of being famous
if you're not getting your dick wet?
My dick was sopping wet
when I pulled it out of storm front
and wiped it on her fucking chin.
Ooh. look. More uggos.
Friends of yours?
Shit.
They're right above us.
We best get the fuck out of here.
- Come on.
- Hey. Hey. What about the v1?
If bomb sight has the v1. then it
saves us from having to torch it.
What are you talking about?
Who's "us"?
What?
You think the world needs
more immortal cunts. do you?
We need it to save Annie and kimiko.
You've been planning this
this whole time. haven't you?
Shh. Homelander will hear us.
And you. you've just been
going along with it again.
We can't take the risk. Hughie.
And if she has to be
collateral damage so that
homelander dies and my daughter
lives. we ain't got no fucking choice.
Easy for you to say.
It won't fucking kill you.
Well. at least he knows
when to keep his gob shut
and do as he's fucking told.
- Shh!
- Excuse me?
No. no. no. We don't have time for
this. We need to find a way out now.
Want to know a little secret. butcher?
I cheered when I found
out that you were dying.
'cause at least we'd finally be
done with your miserable ass.
You know. I used to say to these guys.
"don't give up on butcher. There's
good in him fighting to get out."
I was wrong. If there was
anything human in there. it's dead.
Underneath that chestful of octo-cocks.
you are just a fucking monster.
Well. maybe I like it better that way.
That parasite's not just in you. It is you.
You're the cancer.
Lower your voices.
You are just as bad as
homelander. maybe worse.
And I'm not gonna let you
drag us all down with you.
And what you gonna do about it?
- I'll fucking kill you.
- No. stop!
Kimiko!
Please.
Calm down.
I told you I'm not your pet.
I'm done following your commands.
Kimiko.
Hey.
Come on. m.M. I mean.
if butcher will let you.
Everybody. please stop!
Oi! Where do you think you're going?
Mon coeur. Hey.
Don't.
Tough guy. my ass.
- What?
- You. your whole bit.
This whole "guts and glory" thing.
What a fucking joke.
I read your classified file.
Your brother won a silver
star for bravery at anzio.
and that's what made you beg your father
to buy you a spot in Dr. Vought's trials.
Because it killed you to see your
brother dripping in all that glory.
making you look all the
more feeble in comparison.
You don't know shit about me.
Really?
I know that when they
tried to inject you with the v.
you were so fucking petrified that
they had to strap you to the table.
And you pissed yourself.
crying for your mommy
like the whiny. spoiled
little rich boy that you are.
They gave you the world.
and you. you deserve nothing.
Christ.
What's this shithole now?
What are you doing?
Well done.
I'll be out of here in 30 seconds.
Maybe. Maybe not.
It's enriched uranium.
They'd stick us supes in there to
see if we could survive an atomic bomb.
Now. for a normal Joe.
they'd be dead in minutes.
but for you. it's a stomach flu.
Good luck. though.
getting out of a supe-proof cell
while you're bleeding out of your ass.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna go destroy any v1 that I
find. you triple crown cock jockey.
- Why?
- You don't get it. do you?
How much I can't fucking stand you.
Mon die...
Hughie.
Come on. son.
Come and have a go.
If only the world could see you now.
Not so fucking super. are you?
You... you got a bit of...
Did your dad put you in time-out?
Ooh. That's got to sting.
knowing he'd rather spend eternity
all alone than with the likes of you.
What's the matter?
Cunt got your tongue?
Will wonders ever cease?
Tell me something.
If you do get the juice in you. you
think that makes you a god. don't you?
Seems like I know
you pretty well after all.
Which is why I know that
even if you had a billion twats
gargling your bollocks
and singing hosanna.
you still wouldn't be happy.
'Cause deep down. you're just a weak.
thin-skinned. needy little boy.
You beat the shit out of your own son.
Don't get weaker than that.
Ryan is alive.
Because he's strong.
'Cause he's my son.
The son of god.
You ain't no god.
How's about I go fetch the
virus. and then we'll watch you
shit your fucking spine out?
You don't have it. do you?
The virus.
Don't I?
No. you don't.
You would have used it by now.
You have no way to stop me. do you?
William.
You have no idea what you're up against.
You can't intervene.
I will get the v1.
and when I do. I'm gonna flay you alive.
You. starlight. all the nonbelievers.
You're all gonna fucking
drown in your own blood.
I promise you. before I die...
I'll fucking have you.
You're all fucking paste!
I can take what's mine.
and that makes this
whole fucking shit ball
my birthright!
My destiny!
Fucker!
Shit.
Damn. Shit.
Fuck.
The fu...
Hey!
My god.
Quinn.
You knew this man?
You were in Dr. Vought's trials together.
Figures this would be you.
You ugly piece of shit.
You hated me.
Yeah. I was just a rich. entitled asshole.
Never seen a lick of real combat?
You still fucking hate me. don't you?
This creature is nothing but hate.
He makes us hate.
He's the cause of all of this.
Listen to me.
You are the only one who can
end it. Put a stop to his misery.
Put him out of his
misery? No. no. God. no.
No. I like him like this.
Fuck you. bitch!
I didn't deserve what I got?
Fuck you. Fuck you!
'Cause I still got it.
I got all of it. I fucking won!
If you won't kill him. all of us will die.
I know why Quinn hates you.
Is that right?
Because he sees you
for what you really are.
He was a real soldier.
You were just a boy playing dress-up.
But you got to be the
hero while he got to be this.
Now. where's the justice in that?
- It should be you up there.
- Shut up.
It should be your pain.
You are nothing but a coward.
I said shut your fucking mouth!
Hughie?
I'm-I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Me. too.
Fuck. I'm sorry.
I'm so fucking sorry.
Well...
That was the best
stroganoff I have ever had.
It definitely wasn't. but that's kind of you.
You have something you want to say?
Sorry.
You want to try that again?
I'm sorry.
Good. But you're grounded till you're 20.
More like 30.
I hope we see each other again.
Me. too.
Annie?
Don't make the same mistake I did.
Don't give up on the
people you love. all right?
The v1 wasn't here.
Were you...
Were you crying?
Just fucking do it already.
Thank you.
We wouldn't have made it
out if you hadn't stepped up.
Yeah. well. taking charge...
was the most horrible
thing I've ever done.
Never let me do it again. Never.
I'm sorry I called you a
feckless junkie man-whore.
I don't remember you calling me that.
I didn't? I thought I did.
You're not wrong.
I was. once.
But I am clean now.
And I can be whatever you need.
I don't want to change you.
It's that...
I'm trying to change myself.
The reason I can speak now. it's...
It's because I did so
much work to let go of my...
Chaos.
The thing is...
you love chaos.
You thrive in it.
Which is fine. but...
I can't go back to that.
So. where does that leave us?
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have left you.
I should've been here.
Actually. I'm so. so glad you weren't.
Super good day to miss.
Listen. mate.
- That shite I said...
- Hey.
Don't tell me you didn't mean it. a'ight?
'Cause I sure as hell meant
every fucking word I said.
So. we got a problem?
We cool. man.
We cool.
What are you doing?
Just thinking.
Well. the shit show is on.
Yes! Yes!
Brothers and sisters.
Brothers and sisters. we
are truly. truly fortunate
to bear witness on this day.
Because today...
Is the greatest day in the
history of samaritan's embrace.
- Can I get an amen?
- Amen!
I mean. I love all this. love.
but don't you believe
in Jesus or whatever?
I did.
Now I believe in homelander.
- She's lying.
- No shit.
Excuse me?
But today. brothers and sisters. today.
we set america back on its true course.
Starting today. brothers and sisters.
we commit ourselves
to a divine rebranding.
We will be patriots of faith.
We will fulfill our
founding fathers' dream.
Today. starting today.
samaritan's embrace becomes
the Democratic church of america.
And here. to share his
holy plan for our new church.
he is not just a man...
he's not just a super man...
he is the prophet of the lord!
He is the prophet of america!
He is the prophet homelander!
Homelander! Homelander! Homelander!
Homelander! Home...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm